-Hyunckel: Popp!
-[struggling grunts]
Borahorn: Drop your weapon.
Otherwise, he's the one
who'll lose his head.
You scoundrel...
[pained groan]
Better hurry up.
Hyunckel: If I
do what you say and
accept defeat, will you
really let him go?
I have no interest in this
pitiful insect's life.
All I want to see is
your head on a platter!
Borahorn: So what will it be?
Very well, then.
Popp: Wait!
Don't quit, Hyunckel.
Just forget about me.
Borahorn: Shut up!
C'mon. Just kill him now!
I cannot do that.
Popp: Of course you can!
I'm all out of Magic Power.
Between me and you,
it's obvious who can help Dai!
Hyunckel: Popp!
Besides all that-
we both know someone
who'll be miserable
if you don't make it back.
Hyunckel [thought]: Maam...
Popp: Her tears are the last
thing I ever what to see...
I beg you, you have to live.
That way you can go on...
and make her happy.
Look, Popp - I can't
make anyone happy.
All I bring is misfortune.
It's my curse.
A curse that I plan to
use against those who do evil.
That's why I'm here...
Why I joined your party.
And so when I see him again,
Avan will have one
less reason to scold me
for all that I've done.
If he hears that I
abandoned a junior disciple,
I'll be lectured for eternity.
Hyunckel...
[menacing chuckle]
That's the attitude...
Now hold still, tough guy.
No, don't. Please, don't!
Die!
Hyunckel!
[weakened groan]
Hyunckel: Larhart...
Why did you do
that to your friend?
Larhart: To use
a hostage like that
would bring shame
to the Dragon Masters.
It's unforgivable...
And against a human no less.
What is it that's made you
despise humanity so deeply?
Much like Master Dino,
I was born to parents
of different species.
For me, it was a
Darkling and a human.
Larhart: My Darkling
father died early,
and so I was raised
by my human mother.
But then, when I
was seven years old,
war broke out
between Lord Hadlar
and all of the human nations.
Just because of
my Darkling lineage,
the humans thought
themselves better than me...
And not just me, but my
human mother, as well.
Eventually, she fell
ill and passed away.
Forsaken by her own people.
Larhart: Master Baran
was the only one...
who ever understood my pain.
[sniffling]
You two are so soft.
You actually feel my pain
as if it were your own.
I must admit, I've never
met humans like you.
Maybe you'll be
able to understand
Master Baran's pain as
well as you do mine.
I leave his fate...
and Dino's, in your hands.
Larhart...
Larhart: Hyunckel,
I have one more request.
Hyunckel: Name it.
Would you please accept my...
my Dark Armour Spear?
Larhart: I want you to use it.
The armor favors you, as well.
I knew that it would.
It may have been in battle...
but I'm glad to have met
men like you... even at...
the... the very... end.
Hyunckel [thought]: Larhart,
I shall accept your will
as well this armor...
in which your spirit resides.
Leona: It feels
like we're doomed.
Do you have a plan, Crocodine?
I was hoping that you had one.
If only Hyunckel were here.
Then we might have at
least had options, but...
Baran!
All right. Hand over Dino.
No!
Baran: [amused chuckle]
Do you really think that you
can stop me by yourselves?
How interesting. I hope you
have a very good plan.
Crocodine [thought]: Of course
we won't stop him alone.
There's no way we
can match his strength.
If only... If only we
had one more on our side!
Baran: Also... speaking
of ill-advised plans...
That Mage.
It seems like he didn't even
think his strategy through.
So I left him...
To the Dragon Masters.
He means...
P-Popp?!
Baran: I'm rather surprised.
To sacrifice such a weakling
was unusually
cruel of you, Crocodine.
Or, perhaps... it was
actually the girl's idea?
No, but... How could he?
Oh, Popp. You went to stop
Baran's forces all alone?
You pretended
to abandon us...
And chose to be hated,
all for Dai.
Leona: When he left...
I hit him. I actually hit him.
Crocodine: [laughing]
Crocodine [thought]:
I've been such a fool.
I couldn't see how
truly determined you were
and called you a coward.
Forgive me, Popp.
I can only try and make it
up to you - in the afterlife.
Have you lost your
mind, Crocodine?
I have had my eyes opened.
Now, come fight me!
Baran: Spoken like
a true madman.
I think I now have a plan...
but I'll need your help.
But, you... you can't!
You'll know what to do.
[roaring]
Draconic Aura!
Baran [thought]:
Unbelievable...
He blocked an attack imbued
with my Draconic Aura.
Hey, Baran; try using
your Gigabreak.
Excuse me?
My hide is tougher than steel.
Only your strongest attack
could take my life, so use it.
Baran: Well said.
I shall grant your wish.
Take this-
my Ultimate Blade!
Crocodine appears to be proving
quite stubborn out there.
Hadlar [thought]:
Hopefully stubborn enough
to defeat Baran...
Although I doubt
he'll go down easily.
[growling]
Gigabreak!
Baran: Thus ends
the Beast King.
What's she doing?!
Much obliged, Princess.
Now I can once again fight.
Not so fast - it needs time.
My Fullheal can't
restore both your wounds
and your stamina all at once.
He shouldn't have
any stamina left.
I hit him with
my Gigabreak attack-
even the Beast King
can't survive that!
All I need - is to
focus my energy into defense.
So long as I still breathe,
the Princess is
able to replenish
my stamina with
her Fullheal!
Hit me as much as you like.
My life force or your power...
It's a contest to
see which will last!
A contest?
You dare mock me...
You dark mock the power
of the Dragon Knight?!
You must have hurt his pride-
by not dying after
a single blow!
His aura is overwhelming...
Crocodine, this is insanity!
He's not going to give up,
and you can't keep
on fighting like this!
I'm well aware it's crazy.
But I have no choice because
it's the only way to stop Baran.
Let us follow in
Popp's spirit, Princess!
I suppose it's punishment
for doubting him.
[roaring]
[pained cry]
What's wrong, Dai?
Dai: I feel like I'm burning.
It's like... Like I
can't sit still!
I hear him...
Dai: Someone is calling me.
I have to go.
Crocodine!
Baran: Are you immortal?
No one has ever been
hit by my Gigabreak twice
and managed to survive.
Crocodine: Immortality
is Hyunckel's thing.
If I keep getting hit
by such a fearsome attack,
I'm certain I'll perish.
But if taking my life
drains you of your power,
then it's not a bad trade.
You mean... You're not trying
to win this fight at all?!
You would throw
everything away...
just to see me spend
the rest of my stamina
and magical energy?
But why?!
You are Crocodine,
the mighty Beast King.
Are you really willing
to sacrifice everything?
Crocodine: I'm afraid
it's the best I can do.
If you have nothing left,
it'll help my friends
when they fight you later.
Your friends?
No one's coming.
Crocodine: They will...
I'm sure.
Baran [thought]: How can he
trust the humans so much?
And that spirit is
making him stronger...
Even with the full
power of my Crest,
I can't crush him like before.
Leona [thought]:
He needs a Fullheal!
Leona: A Zapple spell?!
That was a warning.
Take one more step
and I'll turn you to ash.
I'm done with this ridiculous
game of cat and mouse.
This time, I will end
it for good.
[roaring]
Leona: No. Stop!
Stay back.
It's too late-
I warned you!
Zapple!
Crocodine: Princess!
What?!
Larhart's Dark Spear?
Why would he interfere?
What's the meaning
of this Larhart?
[gasp]
Baran: Hyunckel?
And Popp, too!
Well, well, young man.
You survived.
[proud chuckle]
Yeah, just barely.
But still, together
we were able to
take down those
Dragon Masters.
Not a chance.
You're speaking lies.
Hyunckel: It's not a lie.
They were defeated.
How else would the two
of us be standing here?
Now, I see.
You killed Larhart and took
his armor like a vulture.
Not quite.
As a matter of fact,
Larhart gave me this armor
of his own free will.
Baran: What?!
Before he passed,
he asked that I do my
best to save you, Baran.
Hyunckel: The armor
was his final gift.
A gift that I plan
on wearing with pride.
It's not true!
I know Larhart-
and he would never
reveal himself to a human!
Hyunckel: Baran, Larhart
told me your tragic story.
What happened to Soala, the
princess of Alkeed Kingdom...
Your wife, the mother
of your child.
And the day you turned
your back on humanity.
Hyunckel: I understand your
anger and grief all too well...
But not all humans are evil.
You should know that
better than anyone else!
Because she, the woman that
you loved so very much,
was herself human!
Hyunckel: You witnessed
the most beautiful and
ugly sides of our
species at the same time.
The weight of
it was unbearable,
so you hoped to erase all
of humanity from your sight.
But you're mistaken.
Doing that won't erase the grief
you feel from losing Soala.
If you truly call
yourself Dai's father...
If you truly
love your son...
Then Baran, shouldn't
you reach out to him
with your human heart?
I'm sure that's what Dai's
mother would want as well.
Baran, listen to Hyunckel.
Come on...
Leona [thought]: What
is this unnatural pressure
that he's giving off?
Baran: Then I
cast it aside...
This human heart and body!
[gasp]
[alarmed breaths]
Baran: None of
your pandering nonsense
will bring back my Soala!
All that drives me now
is to destroy the humans
together with my son.
It's all I live for.
And if I can't have that,
then I would rather
be destroyed myself!
Something very weird's
going on. But what?
Baran [thought]: I will reclaim
Dino by force if I must...
Even if I have to become
a Demon Beast to do it!
Look! But that's
impossible...
Hyunckel: His red
blood is turning into
the Blue Blood
of the Darklings!
What the?!
But, how?!
[roaring]
What just happened?
Heyedra: Report.
All Heyedras stationed in
the Teran Kingdom
are disappearing.
Heyedra: Explosive energy is
spreading across the country.
That's absurd!
How could that be?
There's only
one explanation.
Baran must be transforming
into his ultimate incarnation.
Zaboera: Send all
Heyedra left in the area
to Teran Castle! Now!
Heyedra: Yes, master.
[powerful roaring]
Uh, guys? W-What's
happening to him?
Baran's body...
Hyunckel & Crocodine:
Is changing!
[snarling]
[terrifying roar]
[trembling]
[gasp]
[troubled breath]
[shocked gasp]
Is this... C-Could
this actually be...
a Dragon Knight's true form?
Baran: Indeed.
The combined power of Dragons,
Darklings, and humans.
The Ultimate Combat Form
of the Dragon Knight...
A form known as the Dragonoid.
Narrator: Baran's Dragonoid
power is beyond this world.
Even Hyunckel and
Crocodine's combined effort
proves to be no match.
Soon, the Dragon
Knight threatens
to turn Dai against
his friends...
But just when all seems lost,
Popp devises one last stand.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Popp's Resolve".